Add docs on Git source type for Function (#9414)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/serverless/06-01-function-cr.md

| **spec.resources.limits.cpu**            |       No       | Defines the maximum number of CPUs available for the Function's Pod to use.      |
| **spec.resources.limits.memory**         |       No       | Defines the maximum amount of memory available for the Function's Pod to use.      |
| **spec.resources.requests.cpu**          |       No       | Specifies the number of CPUs requested by the Function's Pod to operate.       |
| **spec.resources.requests.memory**       |       No       | Specifies the amount of memory requested by the Function's Pod to operate.               |
| **spec.runtime**                         |       No       | Specifies the runtime of the Function. The available values are `nodejs12`, `nodejs10`, and `python38`. It is set to `nodejs12` unless specified otherwise.  |
| **spec.type**                          |      No       | Defines that you use a Git repository as the source of Function's code and dependencies. It must be set to `git`. |
| **spec.source**                          |      Yes       | Provides the Function's full source code or the name of the Git directory in which the code and dependencies are stored.     |

> | **spec.baseDir**                          |      No       | Specifies the relative path to the Git directory containing the source code from which the Function will be built​. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **spec.baseDir**                          |      No       | Specifies the relative path to the Git directory that contains the source code from which the Function will be built​. |
```
